can i play all right you wanna kill me
gives me a Jamal
[Music]
they play the same game no one's gonna
recruit you I'm a ballplayer what a
jacked up attitude they share the same
dream
you'd love him to play USC like you did
right I left for him to get a good
education I won't I'm a LESBIAN funny
look at back you even what we're playing
for I score to strip take it off take it
off there's only one way to be
successful at anything and that is to
give everything coach has a son of them
at that curfew I can stay a few minutes
sweat I don't have it easy like you all
right there's no red carpet laid out for
me
and ain't no way some soft freshman is
taking my spot
you forgot to beat it if I stain I
wouldn't be starting
oh these got your priorities straight
look I'm into any draft I'm going pro so
that's it just forget about you and me
New Line Cinema presents a story about
the passion it takes I never knew anyone
love ball as much as you to keep your
dreams alive I've loved you since I was
11 and it just won't go away this spring
I play one game one on one of what your
heart all's fair in love and basketball
[Music]